fix: forward request Host to errors middleware service (#8460)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/http/errorpages.md

    In Kubernetes, you need to reference a Kubernetes Service instead of a Traefik service.

!!! info "Host Header"

    By default, the client `Host` header value is forwarded to the configured error [service](#service).

>     To forward the `Host` value corresponding to the configured error service URL, the [passHostHeader](../../../routing/services/#pass-host-header) option must be used.     

Reviewer: Would it be worth calling out that this option needs to be set to `false` if you wish to have the host header inferred?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To forward the `Host` value corresponding to the configured error service URL, the [passHostHeader](../../../routing/services/#pass-host-header) option must be set to `false`.     
```
